Q1)what is the full form of PHP
ans)personal home page
Q2)what is the name of the founder of java
ans)james gosling
Q3)what is the another name of java
ans)oak
Q4)what is the full form of GUI
ans)graphical user interface
Q5)what is the full form of CLI
ans)command line interface
Q6)What do the letters HTML, a markup language used to create web pages, stand for?
ans)hypertext markup language
Q7)Fonts that contain small decorative lines at the end of a stroke are known as what?
ans)serif fonts
Q8)The companies HP, Microsoft and Apple were all started in a what?
ans)garage
Q9)In database programming, SQL is an acronym for what?
ans)structured query language
Q10)In a website browser address bar what does “www” stand for?
ans)world wide web
Q11)Regarding data storage, what does the acronym SSD stand for?
ans)solid state drive
Q12)What does"DNS"stand for?
ans)domain name system
Q13)What is the name of the first spreadsheet program?	
ans)visicalc
Q14)what does url stand for?
ans)uniform resource locator
Q15)what does ISP stand for
ans)internet service provider
Q16)What does the acronym “lol” stand for when used in phone texts and on the internet?
ans)laugh out loud
Q17)HTML and CSS are computer languages used to create what?
ans)website
Q18)In a photo editing program, what do the letters RGB stand for?
ans)red green and blue
Q19)In 1975 an engineer created the first electronic camera while working for what company?
ans)kodak
Q20)Created in 2009, what was the first decentralized cryptocurrency?
ans)bitcoin
Q21)What does the acronym USB stand for when referring to a computer port?
ans)universal serial bus
Q22)Mark Zuckerberg was one of the founders of which social networking site?
ans)facebook
Q23)who is the founder of Facebook
ans)mark zuckerberg
Q24)On which popular website do users send tweets?
ans)twitter
Q25)What do the letters CPU stand for when referring to the “brains” of a computer?
ans)central processing unit
Q26)What was the first publicly traded U.S. company to reach a $1 trillion market cap?
ans)apple
Q27)A modulator-demodulator is a hardware device better known as what?
ans)modem
Q28)To celebrate its 30th birthday in 2010, Google placed a playable version of what arcade game on its homepage?
ans)pacman
Q29)What is the smallest unit of measurement in a computer?
ans)bit
Q30)What is the name of the operating system developed by Apple Inc.?
ans)macos